fix: rest matcher skipped if optional is empty (#10020)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/strange-lizards-drive.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: use rest param's matcher if optional is empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: don't skip rest parameter's matcher when there is a non-matching optional parameter
```
